=head1 NAME

WOA::Manual::Tutorial::01_Basics - Tutorial


=head1 OVERVIEW

[TODO]

=over 4

=item 1

L<Introduction|WOA::Manual::Intro>

=item 2

L<Basics|WOA::Manual::Tutorial::01_Basics>

=item 3

L<Routes|WOA::Manual::Tutorial::02_Route>

=back


=head1 DESCRIPTION

In this chapter of the tutorial, we will create a very basic WOA
web application, demonstrating a number of powerful capabilities, such 
as:

=over 4

=item * Helper Scripts

WOA helper scripts that can be used to rapidly bootstrap the
skeletal structure of an application.

=item * MVC

[TODO]

=over 4

=item * Model

The model usually represents a data store. In most applications, the
model equates to the objects that are created from and saved to your SQL
database.

=item * View

The view takes model objects and renders them into something for the end
user to look at. Normally this involves a template-generation tool that
creates HTML for the user's web browser, but it could easily be code
that generates other forms such as PDF documents, e-mails, spreadsheets, 
or even "behind the scenes" formats such as XML and JSON.

=item * Controller

As suggested by its name, the controller takes user requests and routes
them to the necessary model and view.

=back

=item * ORM

The use of Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) technology for database
access. Specifically, ORM provides an automated and standardized means
to persist and restore objects to/from a relational database and will
automatically create our Catalyst model for use with a database.

=back

=head1 CREATE A WOA PROJECT

[TODO]

=head1 SIMPLE APP - statistic

[TODO]


=head1 GIT repository

=begin html

<a href="https://github.com/plcgi1/woa-toolkit-core">https://github.com/plcgi1/woa-toolkit-core</a>

=end html


=head1 AUTHORS

Nosoff Alex, C<plcgi1@gmail.com>

Please report any errors, issues or suggestions to the author.  The
most recent version of the WOA Tutorial can be found at
L<https://github.com/plcgi1/woa-toolkit-core/lib/WOA/Manual/*>.

Copyright 2006-2011, Nosoff Alex, under Creative Commons License
(L<http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/us/>).
