=head1 WORKING DRAFT - TEMPLATE FROM Catalyst docs

=head1 NAME

WOA::Manual::DevelopmentProcess - Administrative structure of the WOA Development Process

=head1 Contributing to WOA/WOAx namespace

The main philosophy behind WOA/WOAx development can be summarized as:

    Patches welcome!
    KISS
    
Everyone is welcome (and will be encouraged) to contribute to WOA/WOAx
in whatever capacity they're able to. 

=head1 WOA/WOAx development

=head2 Discussing proposed bugfixes or improvements

[TODO]

=head2 Repositories

The WOA/WOAx git repository can be found at:

    https://github.com/plcgi1/woa-toolkit-core

=head2 Schedule

There is no dated release cycle for WOA/WOAx. New releases will be made
when sufficient small fixes have accumulated; or an important bugfix, or
significant feature addition, is completed.

=head2 Roadmap for features

[TODO]

=head2 Bug list

The TODO list with known bugs / deficiences is kept at
L<[TODO]>

=head1 The WOA/WOAx Core Team

The intention of the WOA/WOAx Core Team is to maintain and support the
WOA/WOAx framework, in order for it to be a viable and stable framework
for developing web-based MVC applications. This includes both technical
decisions about the WOA/WOAx core distribution, and public relations
relating to the WOA/WOAx framework as a whole.

The current goals of the WOA/WOAx core development team are stability,
performance, and a properly paced addition of features, with a focus on
extensibility.

=head2 Membership

The WOA/WOAx Core Team consists of the developers who have full commit
privileges to the entire WOA/WOAx source tree, and who have made a significant
contribution to the core WOA/WOAx distributions, and various extensions and
plugins.

In addition, the core team can includes members that have non-technical
roles, such as marketing, legal, or economic responsibilities.

Currently, the Core Team consists of the following people:

=over 4

=item Nosoff Alex

=back

New members of the Core Team must be accepted by a 2/3 majority by the
current members.

=head2 Technical Decisions.

Any change to the WOA/WOAx core which can not be conceived as a
correction of an error in the current feature set will need to be
accepted by at least 3 members of the Core Team before it can be
committed to the trunk (which is the basis for CPAN releases). Anyone
with access is at any time free to make a branch to develop a proof of
concept for a feature to be committed to trunk.

=head2 Organizational and Philosophical Decisions.

Any organizational or philosophical decision should be decided by
majority vote. Thus it should be a goal of the organization that its
membership number should at any time be an odd number, to render it
effective with regards to decision making. The exceptions to this rule
are changes to this charter and additions to the membership of the Core
Team, which require a 2/3 majority.

=head2 CPAN Releases

Planned releases to CPAN should be performed by the release manager.

=head2 Public statements from the Core Team

The Core Team should strive to appear publicly as a group when answering
questions or other correspondence. In cases where this is not possible,
the same order as for CPAN releases applies.

=head2 New WOA/WOAx Extensions

[TODO]

=head1 AUTHORS

Nosoff Alex, C<plcgi1@gmail.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

This library is free software. You can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut

