=head1 NAME

WOA::Manual::Tutorial - WOA Tutorial: Overview

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Catalyst framework is a flexible and comprehensive environment for
quickly building high-functionality web applications.  This tutorial is
designed to provide a rapid introduction to its basics and its most
commonly used features while focusing on real-world best practices.

We suggest that you read this introduction on the web.  Make sure you are
reading the latest version of the tutorial by visiting
L<http://search.cpan.org/perldoc?Catalyst::Manual::Tutorial>.  Alternatively
you can use CPAN modules like L<Pod::Webserver>, L<Pod::POM::Web>,
L<Pod::Browser> (Catalyst based), or L<CPAN::Mini::Webserver> to read a local
copy of the tutorial.

The tutorial is divided into the following sections:

B<NOTE: CLICK THESE LINKS TO JUMP TO CHAPTERS> (the index links above
only navigate inside this page).

=over 4

=item 1

L<Introduction|WOA::Manual::Tutorial::01_Intro>

=item 2

L<WOA Basics|WOA::Manual::Tutorial::02_Basics>

=item 3

L<WOA Route|WOA::Manual::Tutorial::03_Route>

=item 4

L<Testing|WOA::Manual::Tutorial::04_Testing>


=head1 Detailed Table of Contents


=head2 L<Chapter 1: Intro|WOA::Manual::Tutorial::01_Intro>

Note: Click on the heading in the previous line to jump to the actual 
chapter. Below is a "table of contents" for this chapter.

=over 4

=item *

VERSIONS AND CONVENTIONS USED IN THIS TUTORIAL

=item *

CATALYST INSTALLATION

=item *

DATABASES

=item *

WHERE TO GET WORKING CODE

=back


=head2 L<Chapter 2: WOA Basics|WOA::Manual::Tutorial::02_Basics>

Note: Click on the heading in the previous line to jump to the actual 
chapter. Below is a "table of contents" for this chapter.

=over 4

=item *

CREATE A WOA PROJECT

=item *

HELLO WORLD

=over 4

=item *

The Simplest Way

=item *

Hello, World! Using a View and a Template

=back

=item *

CREATE A SIMPLE CONTROLLER AND AN ACTION

=back


=head2 L<Chapter 3: Route|WOA::Manual::Tutorial::03_Route>

Note: Click on the heading in the previous line to jump to the actual 
chapter. Below is a "table of contents" for this chapter.

=over 4

=item *

CREATE A NEW APPLICATION

=item *

EDIT THE LIST OF CATALYST PLUGINS

=item *

CREATE A CATALYST CONTROLLER

=item *

CATALYST VIEWS


=over 4

=item *

Create a Catalyst View

=item *

Create a TT Template Page

=item *

Test Run The Application

=back

=item *

CREATE A SQLITE DATABASE

=item *

DATABASE ACCESS WITH DBIx::Class

=over 4

=item *

Create a Dynamic DBIC Model

=back

=item *

ENABLE THE MODEL IN THE CONTROLLER

=over 4

=item *

Test Run The Application

=back

=item *

CREATE A WRAPPER FOR THE VIEW

=over 4

=item *

Configure TT.pm For The Wrapper

=item *

Create the Wrapper Template File and Stylesheet

=item *

Test Run The Application

=back

=item *

A STATIC DATABASE MODEL WITH DBIx::Class

=over 4

=item *

Create Static DBIC Schema Files

=item *

Updating the Generated DBIC Schema Files

=item *

Run The Application

=back

=item *

UPDATING THE VIEW

=item *

RUNNING THE APPLICATION FROM THE COMMAND LINE

=item *

OPTIONAL INFORMATION

=over 4

=item *

Using RenderView for the Default View

=item *

Using The Default Template Name

=item *

Return To A Manually-Specified Template

=back

=back


=head2 L<Chapter 4: Testing|WOA::Manual::Tutorial::04_Testing>

Note: Click on the heading in the previous line to jump to the actual 
chapter. Below is a "table of contents" for this chapter.

=over 4

=item *

FORMLESS SUBMISSION

=over 4

=item *

Include a Create Action in the Books Controller

=item *

Include a Template for the url_create Action:

=item *

Try the url_create Feature

=back


=head1 THANKS

This tutorial would not have been possible without the input of many 
different people in the Catalyst community.  In particular, the 
primary author would like to thank:

=over 4

=item *

Nosoff Alex for founding the WOA project.

=item *

The members of the Catalyst Core Team for their tireless efforts to
advance the Catalyst project.  Although all of the Core Team members
have played a key role in this tutorial, it would have never been
possible without the critical contributions of: Matt Trout, for his
unfathomable knowledge of all things Perl and Catalyst (and his
willingness to answer lots of my questions); Jesse Sheidlower, for his
incredible skill with the written word and dedication to improving the
Catalyst documentation; and Yuval Kogman, for his work on the Catalyst
"Auth & Authz" plugins (the original focus of the tutorial) and other
key Catalyst modules.

=item *

Other Catalyst documentation folks like Kieren Diment, Gavin Henry,
and Jess Robinson (including their work on the original Catalyst
tutorial).  

=item *

Kieren Diment for his oversite of Catalyst-related documentation.

=item *

Everyone on #catalyst and #catalyst-dev.

=item *

People who have emailed me with corrections and suggestions on the 
tutorial. As of the most recent release, this include: Florian Ragwitz, 
Mauro Andreolini, Jim Howard, Giovanni Gigante, William Moreno, Bryan 
Roach, Ashley Berlin, David Kamholz, Kevin Old, Henning Sprang, Jeremy 
Jones, David Kurtz, Ingo Wichmann, Shlomi Fish, Murray Walker, Adam 
Witney and xenoterracide (Caleb Cushing). Thanks to Devin Austin for 
coming up with an initial version of a non-TTSite wrapper page. Also, a 
huge thank you to Kiffin Gish for all the hard work on the "database 
depluralization" effort and Rafael Kitover for the work on updating the 
tutorial to include foreign key support for SQLite. I'm sure I am 
missing some names here... apologies for that (please let me know if you 
name should be here). 

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Nosoff Alex, C<plcgi1@gmail.com>

Please report any errors, issues or suggestions to the author.  The
most recent version of the Catalyst Tutorial can be found at
L<http://dev.catalyst.perl.org/repos/Catalyst/Catalyst-Manual/5.80/trunk/lib/Catalyst/Manual/Tutorial/>.

Copyright 2006-2010, Nosoff Alex, under Creative Commons License
(L<http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/us/>).
